so here's another product I wanted to
share with you today it is a really cool
product and it's made by liquitex and
it's called glass beads and it's like a
transparent medium with these little
beads in it and obviously glass they're
glass I don't know if you can see this
let me zoom in a little and see if you
can see this little beads in here but
I'm going to take these beads and I'm
going to put them on to a piece of 40
big polymer clay and i used the
fluorescent red here which has already
been fired so i'm just using a sponge
brush and I'm going to kind of literally
paint these beads on here and it is
transparent so it's it gives you a
totally different look than anything
else you used but yet leave these beads
that make a really cool texture on your
clay so you want to paint this on really
thick because if you do to cine really
the beads kind of tend to fall off so
i'm not going around the edges or
anything i just i just want it on the
surface here and then you have to let
this dry so let this dry for a while and
we'll come back and then we're going to
add a little ink to it for a really cool
look so here i have my peace with the
glass beads already dry now you have to
wait until it dries and the one way
you'll know it's dry is it will turn a
clear color when it's wet it's white so
you always want to make sure it's dry
because otherwise this doesn't work so
good so you can use your fingers i'm
using the brilliance dewdrop inks but
you can use your fingers or you can use
the actual pad and you want to start
getting those beads highlighted and then
you'll start to see them so you just use
your finger or like I said you can use
the pad
I just go around those beads and
highlight them and you can pretty much
get it to go any color you want and
really make some neat effects with it so
just imagine using this maybe you want
to do half your pendant with the glass
beads half with another texture and it
really elevates it and gives you
something different than the usual cane
work or just a plain old texture you
could even know you could even spray
some glimmer myths on there you could
add a little dying but whatever you do
you're just highlighting those fun glass
beads and you can get a totally
different look so have fun with this
project and enjoy